sql-statements: update create view and drop view (#2939)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-view.md

## MySQL compatibility

> * At present, any view in TiDB cannot be inserted or updated (that is, INSERT VIEW and UPDATE VIEW are not supported). `WITH CHECK OPTION` only does syntax compatibility but does not take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, any view in TiDB cannot be inserted or updated (that is, `INSERT VIEW` and `UPDATE VIEW` are not supported). `WITH CHECK OPTION` is only syntactically compatible but does not take effect.
```
